- on hydroplanes welcome - Oh Jacqueline
tell me about that one moment when you
got a call and he knew we were doing
this film with Salman Khan actually you
know that the funniest thing that
happened you know when I'd left my dad's
office and I was on the phone - did you
tell the honest truth do you like - oh
my not tell her I dunno I simplified it
but what's the honest truth go this door
right huh
the the stories that you thought it was
just a song okay I did it come on in the
morning yeah thing called an iPod right
now I was like why and like honestly
like I was like okay this is this must
be to discuss something you know like
you're still lying Jackie no am I not
he's lying he's putting me on the spot
like that that actually happens I
actually thought it I was you know
calling Nadia to discuss a song or two
discussed Housefull 3 or something you
know um and right you know and then I
was like okay so what what should I do
you know what was it for and I asked him
and he's like it's for kick so I was
like my heart was in my mouth I couldn't
believe it you know and when you know I
got back from I went that afternoon to
meet not yet when I got back from
Nadia's office I won't say to my
friend's house and she has like this
huge German Shepherd and we got so
excited we were jumping and hugging and
the dog got like really like angry with
and upset for some reason and imagine a
st. Bernard bit me you yes a German
Shepherd oh sorry sorry at the same
Bernard sorry no German Shepherd
no matter what she knows the honest
truth sure make it to you but you are
lying I don't know I didn't know
actually I did all stock how did it all
start
yeah how did kick start I don't know a
kick started that is exactly what happen
you know that you know that you sent me
a message saying listen Colin our yard I
did send you a message saying
I spoke to you say no call Nadia but and
then I called him but before that
there's something and even I don't
remember actually hey well you know
obviously we have I've known someone
from you know when I had just actually
come into note yeah when I just started
out and he's always been someone who has
helped and who has cared and been
concerned and you know given amazing
advice which sometimes I've taken
sometimes I don't take it